# The Use of Machine Learning 

## Article 1
In Adservio's [Machine Learning | Types | Benefits](https://www.adservio.fr/post/machine-learning-types-benefits), the author discusses the different algorithms of machine learning and how they can benefit society. The author opens up by describing what machine learning actually is, a field of computer science and artificial intelligence used to teach computers how to perform desired functions with data. Machine Learning can be used to handle large amounts of data, reduce bias, and improve accuracy on predictions from data. Since there is a limited amount of dimensions of data that humans can experience, computers make these visualizations possible and a simple way for humans to understand. The data mining aspect of machine learning is the process of extracting valuable information from large data sets, which is also less time consuming for humans. 

There are different models for machine learning: supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and reinforcement learning. Since there is a large variation of data that a computer can use, these three models address the different types of data that is being registered. Supervised learning is achieved using a set of training data and a set of testing data which is used by the computer to acheive the desired result by altering data sets until the highest possible accuracy is calculated. Supervised Learning can be used in predictive analytics which is the prediction of future events, trends, and can be used by companies to analyze customer behavior in an attempt to maximize profits and improve customer satisfaction. Unsupervised Learning is used to identify patterns in data and groupings which may not be so visible to humans and can be used to reduce the number of dimensions in a data set. Reinforcement Learning can be used to give a computer feedback based on the actions it performs, eventually allowing the computer to adapt and learn how to improve at certain tasks. These different methods of Machine Learning can be used to address different problems of society through the use of any kind of data, which is why machine learning can be a powerful tool.



## Article 2
There are always costs to benefits. Harvard Business Review's [When Machine Learning Goes Off the Rails](https://hbr.org/2021/01
when-machine-learning-goes-off-the-rails) makes sure to address some of the consequences of machine learning. The reliance on computers to make decisions or assumptions based on data could lead to troubling outcomes, especially since algorithms tend to rely on probability. The increasing number of predictions that a computer makes can lead to an increased number of incorrect predictions. The rate at which errors tend to happen depend on the amount and quality of data, the method being used, and how the computer interprets what it is being given. Machine learning models can also become inaccurate as time progresses, especially when new data being used does not necessarily coincide with the data that was used to train the model. Knowing when to accept the machine learning algorithm being produced is ready or not is also a vital part to being able to utilize it. Changing environments can alter the effectiveness of machine learning models, and since some are not calibrated frequently, these algorithms could create harmful outcomes.

One of the biggest concerns to using machine learning is the lack of ethical procedures from the computer's point of view. The article uses the example of Tesla's self-driving system, in which given the dilemma of having to choose to drive through between 2 different groups of people, say a group of 3 elderly people or a middle aged individual, how would it select the better outcome? The author also highlights biases against certain demographic groups, especially within facial recognition algorithms which have a difficult time identifying people of color. Other models have been proven to give unaccurate predictions agaisnt Black and Hisapnic populations. From these misrepresentaitons, it seems like while machine learning can benefit certain sectors of society, it can also cause damage to members of society. 